Lolo
Why are you avoiding me?
Then why are you avoiding me?
That's because you're young.
You will be scolded by everyone after following me.
Then why did you four years ago
You obviously like me
But still refuse me
It was my mother who was sick
My company keeps getting into trouble
I can't guarantee if I can solve it.
So
I don't want to drag you down.
Then it's just customized by me, you know the meaning.
A lifetime and a pair, I have long identified you
If I were to get married, it would be you
The bride is not me
Then I won't get married if it doesn't end with you
I'd rather die alone
I feel lonely.
Loneliness is what I bring upon myself
That's because I hurt you
Enough I really love you
I really don't want you to follow me
Hurt a little
But my mother said to me, "
It's because of my selfish thinking
Let you and I grow apart
Wang Sijun
I beg your pardon.
Jinluo
I Love You
I love you too.
I Die